Add multi-stage scenarios in Access Review API beta (#15387)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/accessreviewstage-update.md

---
title: "Update accessReviewStage"
description: "Update the properties of an accessReviewStage object."
author: "isabelleatmsft"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "governance"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Update accessReviewStage
Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Update the properties of an [accessReviewStage](../resources/accessreviewstage.md) object. Only the **reviewers** and **fallbackReviewers** properties can be updated. You can only add reviewers to the **fallbackReviewers** property but can't remove existing **fallbackReviewers**.

> To update an **accessReviewStage**, it's **status** must be `InProgress`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update an **accessReviewStage**, it's **status** must be `NotStarted`, `Initializing`, or `InProgress`.
```

> [!NOTE]
> 

> > Updating an **accessReviewStage** will update only that instance. The parent **accessReviewInstance** and any future **accessReviewStage** objects won't change. To make updates that apply to all future instances amd stages, update the parent [accessReviewScheduleDefinition](../resources/accessreviewscheduledefinition.md) object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Updating an **accessReviewStage** will update only that stage. The parent **accessReviewInstance** and any future **accessReviewStage** objects won't change. To make updates that apply to all future instances and stages, update the parent [accessReviewScheduleDefinition](../resources/accessreviewscheduledefinition.md) object.
```
